Thank you very much for getting started with the complete ethical hacking course with me Gerri Banfield
and with Erman Kirkpatrick who does most of the lectures in the course we're honored you have chosen
to take this journey with us to learn about ethical hacking and penetration testing.
I think the most you can get out of this course is a motivation to learn and try out these things yourself.
What you see in this course are valuable skills that people need worldwide and are willing to pay for
your help.
We hope that we've given you the opportunity in over 25 hours of HD video to learn these skills effectively
in this course and we hope that you enjoy the community of students that we've all built here together
over 30000 people just like you are taking this course and are hoping to learn from it.
If you connect with other students in this course you can find amazing opportunities other people to
work with to learn with and maybe even to work on line with or build a career together or make a new
friend.
All that gets started if you click on added discussion and if you are introduce yourself tell us what
you're looking to learn out of the course even if you don't find even one video helpful just introducing
yourself can give you the chance to start meeting and connecting with people in the course and you never
know what can come out of it.
Thank you very much for getting started and we hope that you loved this course.